
Friday, June 27

Today we completed authentication! We gained a better understanding of the jwtdown fastapi code. Came across a couple of errors and decided to start keeping a journal of errors for future reference. Accomplished our goal of completing Authentication by today.
It felt like a slow start at the beginning of all this, but today it felt like things were moving along at a better pace, particularly in terms of how we work together. 
We've established to not put pressure on each other about working over the break, but we are free to do research and share anything with the group on Slack. 
 

Thursday, June 27

Continued with authentication. Came across errors that really slowed us down. These errors have been helpful, however, in allowing us to get a better understanding of how things worked. We worked until we were able to fix the errors.



Wednesday, June 29th
Accomplishments:
Log in/log out authentication
Goals:
Have authentication ready by Friday.

Tuesday, June 28
Today I designed a logo for our Reelistr app. Additionally, we set up the postgresql database and connected to pgAdmin. We were having some issues so we all attempted run the containers on our individual branches to make sure everything was working for everyone. 
We set up goals for what is next. 


Monday, June 26

Today we worked on creating issues on Gitlab
We realized that using the term lists could be comfusing so instead, users will have 
-"Collections" which will be customized, user-created lists. 
-"Libary" a list of all the movies that the user has watched
-"Watchlist" an empty list provided by the application to which user will add movies they WANT to see from the homepage. 
(i'd say that is our Aha! moment)


Day 5:
We assigned roles so that we can more seamlessly work together as a team and stay on track with our project goals. 
I took notes for the team as I was assigned to be Notetaker:


Established roles to make sure we stay on track to completing our project.
REY: Facilitator
LUKE: Editor
DAN: Progress Chaser
ANGELICA: NoteTaker
We'll set goals for the day
If we find resources we’ll share them onto slack.
Everyone will make an effort to clarify and make sure every one is on the same page, so that at end of day we are clear on what decisions have been made and where we stand on our progress.
Accomplishments:
Merged all journals onto main branch.
Began our design of our API endpoints. Luke was our driver as we discussed what data was needed for each endpoint.
We concluded that we will work in phases. Meaning we will start by making sure our MVP is working and move onto add features (e.g search feature for movies, community forum) moving step by step towards our stretch goals.



Day 4: Took a deeper dive into our wireframes and started designing our API's 



Day 3: Continued doing wireframe design, discussed questions and which database might be better for us to use. 


Day 2: Continued working on wireframing, coming to a better understanding of the project. Began analyzing the data we would receive from the movie datapase api and the type of data that we would be gathering from users. 


Day 1:

We landed on Reelistr for a project idea and developed the design further. We use Letterboxd as inspiration and found the Movie Database api which will be the main api we will use for our project. 


The date of the entry
A list of features/issues that you worked on and who you worked with, if applicable
A reflection on any design conversations that you had
At least one ah-ha! moment that you had during your coding, however small
